Added B2B requirements for tenant to valid issuers (#4354)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/double-key-encryption.md

     "https://sts.windows.net/9c99431e-b513-44be-a7d9-e7b500002d4b/"
   ]
   ```

> Please note: if you want to enable external B2B access to your key store, you will also need to include these external tenants as part of the valid issuers list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If you want to enable external B2B access to your key store, you will also need to include these external tenants as part of the valid issuers' list.
```
